---
    title: 'Minutes of Meeting on 31/01/2017'
    author: qaisjp
    category: minutes
---
This week’s meeting covers the HackSIG situation, hoodie things, and website discussion.

**Present**

Susanne Koster, Simon Vahr, Viktorija Lukosuite, Joshua Green, Aw Young Qingzhuo

**Agenda**

* Termination of the HackSec
* Hoodies are happening:
  * invoice ready, not ordered yet
  * jet black / fire red
* Kaitlyn is now with Amazon. She’s technically a recruiter, but could help us find a contact.
* End of year party
  * Apparently dissertation is due april 6 (fourth year)
  * SDP (third year)
    * Friday April 7th - Final day
    * Wednesday April 19th - *submit technical report* (no biggie)
  * Teviot 
    * check available dates for the loft bar, > 40 people
    * Ask about music and microphones
    * Pre-arrange a tab
* SigINT: succession details. Trying to find a new person.
* 68 Dutch students: responsibility of next committee
* Club Penguin is shutting down
* Spread the word for bowling
