---
    title: 'Minutes of Meeting on 01/03/2017'
    author: qaisjp
    category: minutes
---


This week’s meeting covers the future of CompSoc.

**Present**

Joshua Green, Viktorija Lukosuite, Qais Patankar, Susanne Koster, Aw Young Qingzhuo

**General Agenda**

- 68 people coming from the Netherlands
- AGM is on the 15th March, event is going up tomorrow
- End of year party is on the 4th April
	- SDP is over on the 8th of April
- Annual report is in progress
- Hack the Burgh is going okay
- Committee handover bowling sesh
- Picnic in a few weeks time
- And a picnic a few weeks after freshers week
- Games night
	- requires a lot of hardware
	- Stored safely overnight, and actually stay at the event
	- Threat of hardware getting damaged or lost

**Future of CompSoc**

- Being a member of CompSoc, what benefits do you get?
- How many events are paid?
- There’s no sense of community
- STMUs: pizza, and sponsors present themselves, as well as other talks
- We have a group split
	- Drinkers and non-drinkers
	- We need to cater for both, but appear to just cater for non drinkers
- MathSoc
	- has a lot of socials, most go to drinking, some go to talks
	- Liaise with them to not clash events
  - Has “sub-committees”, board has managers for “socials”, etc.
  - Social manager has their own team that handles small stuff
- Constitutional change
	- for SIGs?
	- You must be in the same year as the year rep you are running for.
- HackSec should be appointed, not elected.
  - We can't have a complete newbie running things, Hack the Burgh is a valuable asset.
  - It requires dedication, we can't have people dropping out.
- STMUs are Vice President events, not SocialSec’s
- Freshers: are very keen, and need to be shown the ropes
- The circle is shrinking, we need to improve the community
- We need to be closer with Informatics, School of Maths shows up to MathSoc events
- Emails
	- we can get them sent to all the informatics, but we don’t want to spam. NH is okay with this.
	- School of Maths has weekly newsletters, which include “MathSoc is doing…”
	- Informatics has weekly blog emails, if we can get them to change it to a weekly newsletter, containing the blog update, compsoc, and general events
- As a tech society, we don’t have a lot of tech
	- Designated projects people can work on as a society
	- WebSIG needs to be expanded and have their own projects
