---
    title: 'Minutes of Meeting on 29/03/2017'
    author: Alarian54
    category: minutes
---


This week’s meeting covers the changeover from the 16/17 to be 17/18 committees.

**Present**

Qais Patankar, Angus Shaw, Elena Lapinskaitė, Simon Vahr, Viktorija Lukošiūtė, Aw Young Qingzhuo, Joshua Green, Harry Reeder, Craig Snowden

**Committee Handover**

- Introductions
- Explanations of old committee roles (President, Vice-President, Secretary) to new committee
- Constitutional note by Simon: Do eusa inf rep + committee; or vice-pres + committee; get two votes?
- Constitutional note by Simon: year reps by inf are a large number, and could make a majority: do they get votes?
- Important contacts:
	- Suzanne Perry, Neil Heatley
	- Heather Walker: closer to hoppers
	- HTB contacts: updated in april
- Transfer of mailing/finance accounts etc
- Clarification of HackSec duties and discussion of future candidate suitability
- TechSecs to bring each other up to speed in their own time

**Upcoming**

- Catering for/entertaining the ≈80 Dutch students
	- Last time - Arthur’s Seat, pub
	- Collaboration with other societies within/outside the university
	
**Agenda**

- Tech companies in Edinburgh and potential for sponsorship/talks
- STMU talks
	- Need to be informative, not recruitment pitches 
	- Companies typically secretive about content
	- Suggestion for greater variety
	- October/nov is sponsor season  
	- Important to enforce time limit
	- Can we just increase sponsorship monies? X
	- Essential for pizza, which is essential(?) for STMUs
	
- What is being a CompSoc member worth, and why should people sponsor us?
	- Run/vote for committee positions
	- £4 is relatively insignificant, could it just be free?
	- MathSoc charge for events: society cards give discounts on entry and drinks

- Socials
	- Both drinking & non-drinking recommended
		- Evening of Games
		- Easier in AT. FH has just classrooms, AT has open areas.
		- Plenty of walls to project to

- How to draw in non-Informatics students
	- Everything is advertised publicly yet there is little engagement with non-Inf students
	- Posters - perhaps useful
	- Potentially using entire Informatics mailing list for some emails - careful not to spam too much though
- CompSoc Facebook presence
	- Make the group public?
		- Make the group modded/have each post need admin approval? Will this discourage discussion?
	- Different uses of page and group (more professional/more communal)
	- Making CompSoc Offers more visible: shoutouts (STMUs) , bottom of newsletter

- General need to definite boundaries of CompSoc and relations with similar societies
